JP-3861: Style formats for the coron package (#9432)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/align_refs/description.rst

Outputs
-------

3D aligned PSF images
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
:Data model: `~jwst.datamodels.CubeModel`
:File suffix: _psfalign

> The output is a CubeModel, where the 3rd axis has length equal to the total number of
> reference PSF images in the input PSF stack (ncols x nrows x npsfs).
> Each Image[n] in the 3D data is the n :sup:`th` PSF image aligned to the first science

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output is a CubeModel, where the 0th axis has length equal to the total number of
integrations (nints x ncols x nrows).
Each Image[n] in the 3D data is the  :sup:`th` PSF image aligned to the first science
```
